Update README.md (#4)
getsentry/sudo-gcp: README.md

# Sudo GCP

> This tool enables with running Google Cloud commands with temporary elevatedprivileges, using

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This tool enables with running Google Cloud commands with temporary elevated privileges, using
```
